c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\SampleTravellerManager.exe.config
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\SampleTravellerManager.exe
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\SampleTravellerManager.pdb
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\SampleTravellerManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\SampleTravellerManager_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\SampleTravellerManager_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\SampleTravellerManager.g.resources
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\SampleTravellerManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\SampleTravellerManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\SampleTravellerManager.exe
c:\users\mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\SampleTravellerManager.pdb
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\Views\QuestionsManager.g.cs
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\SampleManagerLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\SampleManagerLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\SampleManagerLibrary.dll.config
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\Views\QuestionsManager.baml
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.dll
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.pdb
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.xml
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\Views\MilestonesView.g.cs
C:\Users\Mirilis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleTravellerManager\SampleTravellerManager\obj\Debug\Views\MilestonesView.baml
